in this video
Let us learn about nested recursion a recursive function is
nested recursive If the argument passed to it is that
recursive function itself
See here the recursive call fun has
the argument fun of n plus K
So as the name suggests it's recursion Inside recursion
Let's take an example programme and understand how nested
recursion works
Here we have a function fun defined and
see it has the recursive call fun of
fun of n plus two
See here the recursive called fun has the
same function
Call as the argument
Let us see how this nested recursion works here
So suppose n is equal to six
So if will fail since N is not greater than
ten so it will return function of function of n plus
two that is six plus two that is function of
function of eight
So fun is called with argument fun
of eight see this is Nested recursion so function
of eight will execute and here also if will
fail
So it returns function of function of eight plus two
that is 10
So function of 10 will execute
And here also if will fail so it returns function
of function of 10 plus two that is function of
12 and in function of 12
If conditions n greater than 10 is satisfied so it
returns n minus one that is a eleven
So here this function of 12 returned 11
So we got function of 11 now that will be
executed
And if condition is true here
So it returns 11 minus one which is 10
So this whole function returns 10th and here we got
function of 10 so function of 10 will get executed
and their if will fail so it returns function of
function of 10 plus 2 that is 12 And as
we got earlier function of 12 will return 11 And
here this function of 11 will return 10 So this
whole function will return 10 And this function will also
return this 10
And here we got function of 10 and as we
got previously we will get function of function of 12
were function of 12 will return 11 and function of
11 will return 10 So this function returns 10
And finally our function of six will return this value
So this is what Nested recursion
is
We will have recursive function call with same
function
Call as the argument and this is how it works.